3-7: But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees coming to where he was baptizing, he said to them: “You brood of vipers! Who warned you to flee from the coming wrath?
3-11: I baptize you with water for repentance. But after me comes one who is more powerful than I, whose sandals I am not worthy to carry. He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and fire.
4-10: Jesus said to him, “Away from me, Satan! For it is written: ‘Worship the Lord your God, and serve him only.’ ”
5-8: Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God.
5-28: But I tell you that anyone who looks at a woman lustfully has already committed adultery with her in his heart.
5-38: “You have heard that it was said, ‘Eye for eye, and tooth for tooth.’
5-44: But I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you.
6-2:  “So when you give to the needy, do not announce it with trumpets, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and on the streets, to be honored by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full.
6-5: “And when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full.
6-24: No one can serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money.
7-7: Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.
7-8: For everyone who asks receives; the one who seeks finds; and to the one who knocks, the door will be opened.
7-15: Watch out for false prophets. They come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ferocious wolves.
10-22: You will be hated by everyone because of me, but the one who stands firm to the end will be saved.
10-28: Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather, be afraid of the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell.
10-34: Do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the earth. I did not come to bring peace, but a sword. 
16-26: What good will it be for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their soul? Or what can anyone give in exchange for their soul ?
19-26: Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.”
28-19: Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit